README.md, before:

# MyQOnly

[Install from AMO here.](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/myqonly/)

Suggestions for a better name welcome!

This WebExtension attempts to provide a reasonably accurate count of how many reviews a Mozillian might have in their queue. It knows how to talk to Phabricator and Bugzilla. It displays a badge in the toolbar showing how many reviews are in the queue, and the popup takes you to the dashboards for those two review tools.

# Usage

For Phabricator, MyQOnly will use any pre-existing browser session to get at your Phabricator data, so just login to Phabricator, and stay logged in.

For Bugzilla, you'll need to generate an API key. Visit [the API keys](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/userprefs.cgi?tab=apikey) section of Bugzilla Preferences to generate a new key.

Once you have that API key, go to about:addons and visit the Preferences for MyQOnly. Paste in the API key, and set the update interval to your liking.

This is still very much a WIP, so it might not work perfectly. Please file bugs!

Commit message:

Fetch and display pending github review requests. Fixes #5

README.md, after:

# MyQOnly

[Install from AMO here.](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/myqonly/)

Suggestions for a better name welcome!

This WebExtension attempts to provide a reasonably accurate count of how many reviews a Mozillian might have in their queue. It knows how to talk to Phabricator and Bugzilla. It displays a badge in the toolbar showing how many reviews are in the queue, and the popup takes you to the dashboards for those two review tools.

# Usage

For Phabricator, MyQOnly will use any pre-existing browser session to get at your Phabricator data, so just login to Phabricator, and stay logged in.

For Bugzilla, you'll need to generate an API key. Visit [the API keys](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/userprefs.cgi?tab=apikey) section of Bugzilla Preferences to generate a new key.

Once you have that API key, go to about:addons and visit the Preferences for MyQOnly. Paste in the API key, and set the update interval to your liking.

For Github, you just need to enter your username into the about:addons preferences in MyQOnly.

This is still very much a WIP, so it might not work perfectly. Please file bugs!
